English Curriculum: Block 17 (#59564)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-about-speculation-and-requests/67f63bdcb0a1480c94ebe6c7.md

---
id: 67f63bdcb0a1480c94ebe6c7
title: Task 129
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-129
---

<!-- (audio) Brian: That's a good idea. But if the training approach isn't getting the results we expect, maybe we should switch things up. -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and complete the sentence below.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`That's a good idea. But if the training approach isn't getting the results we expect, maybe we should BLANK.`

## --blanks--

`switch things up`

### --feedback--

These three words mean making a change.

# --explanation--

`Switch something up` means to change something in order to improve it. It is an informal way to suggest trying a different method or approach. For example:

- `They switched the schedule up to save more time.` - They changed the plan or timetable.

> - `I switched the routine up to keep things interesting.` - You changed the daily plan a bit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `I switched the routine up to keep things interesting.` - You changed your usual routine to keep things exciting.
```
